com/example/cosport/ui/register/RegisteredUserView.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegisteredUserView
com/example/cosport/databinding/AppBarNavigationBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.AppBarNavigationBinding
com/example/cosport/ui/register/RegisterResult.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegisterResult
com/example/cosport/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cosport.MainActivity
 com.example.cosport.MainActivity$1
com/example/cosport/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/example/cosport/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cosport.BuildConfig
com/example/cosport/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.example.cosport.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/example/cosport/databinding/NavHeaderNavigationBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.NavHeaderNavigationBinding
com/example/cosport/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/cosport/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/example/cosport/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginResult
com/example/cosport/ui/register/RegisterFormState.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegisterFormState
com/example/cosport/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.example.cosport.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/amplifyframework/datastore/generated/model/AmplifyModelProvider.java
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.AmplifyModelProvider
com/example/cosport/preferences/SavedSharedPreference.java
 com.example.cosport.preferences.SavedSharedPreference
com/example/cosport/NavigationActivity.java
 com.example.cosport.NavigationActivity
 com.example.cosport.NavigationActivity$1
com/example/cosport/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/example/cosport/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/example/cosport/databinding/ActivityNavigationBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.ActivityNavigationBinding
com/example/cosport/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cosport/utilities/PreferenceUtility.java
 com.example.cosport.utilities.PreferenceUtility
com/example/cosport/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.cosport.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/cosport/databinding/ContentNavigationBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.ContentNavigationBinding
com/example/cosport/data/Result.java
 com.example.cosport.data.Result
 com.example.cosport.data.Result$1
 com.example.cosport.data.Result$Error
 com.example.cosport.data.Result$Success
com/example/cosport/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/cosport/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/amplifyframework/datastore/generated/model/User.java
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.User
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.User$1
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.User$BuildStep
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.User$Builder
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.User$CopyOfBuilder
com/example/cosport/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.cosport.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/cosport/data/model/RegisteredUser.java
 com.example.cosport.data.model.RegisteredUser
com/example/cosport/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.cosport.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/cosport/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.cosport.data.LoginRepository
com/example/cosport/ui/register/RegistrationFragment.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegistrationFragment
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegistrationFragment$1
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegistrationFragment$2
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegistrationFragment$3
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegistrationFragment$4
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegistrationFragment$5
com/example/cosport/ui/register/RegisterViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegisterViewModelFactory
com/example/cosport/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/example/cosport/ui/login/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment$2
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment$3
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment$4
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment$5
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginFragment$6
com/example/cosport/ui/register/RegisterViewModel.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.register.RegisterViewModel
com/example/cosport/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.cosport.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/example/cosport/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.cosport.data.LoginDataSource
 com.example.cosport.data.LoginDataSource$1
 com.example.cosport.data.LoginDataSource$2
 com.example.cosport.data.LoginDataSource$3
 com.example.cosport.data.LoginDataSource$4
